I support the line parallel to themselves
precisely to stretch the point and I think the
parallel line and made the go 61
the point echo in point f and the sentences one
perpendicularity to and in the point and to the
straight and made enel.si little acquired the
satin and perpendicular to the between and
am between perpendicular all.re larita an e
purpose the point I don't have to have palms
of the tosar code circle beyond sto but the
point or the exact pre-pendular to the
to the segment or r to the oeo segment
luisetto kilometers tome to compass with
a radio increases the mild unar class
cohesive discharge
then this interception is malicious and
suspended the code with the call
memorial always being no
equally with the major time schedule at
half of east asia or satin narcosis of
color in the upper lower part
making no feel to Cosenza and polite
cohesive to drain the one Sarkò désir colo
that but a visit distances her or f
and the work does not hurt me
perpendicular to eve enel.si the point
There is also a drain sarko daisy award
the Ricarretto ricetto and or the opera do not
the perpendicular faults like court
perpendicular and in the point and kiss tom
Large hall compass and needle center with
gf time
today I have a palm between soul ster cohesive the
ass
but something else and who is against and who
has ears and a palm
I have the reverse curve spreading from the
straight lines parallel to and which has between the head
inverse curve or drugs